The Room of Requirment knows that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. This notice describes our privacy policy. By visiting the Room of Requirements, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice.

What Personal Information About Customers Does RoR Gather?
The information we learn from customers helps us personalize and continually improve your RoR experience. Here are the types of information we gather.
    Information You Give Us: We receive and store any information you provide via our interface or give us in any other way. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, customizing displayed videos for you, and communicating with you.
    Automatic Information: We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. For example, like many rooms, we use "cameras", and we obtain certain types of information when you interact with our system. This includes, but is not necessarily limited to, tracking of your movements, age and gender estimation of your face, measuring your weight and estimatation of your height.
    Information from Other Sources: We might receive information about you from other sources and add it to our account information.

Does RoR Share the Information It Receives?
Information about our customers is an important part of our arts installation, and we are not in the business of selling it to others. We share customer information only as described below and with subsidiaries RoR controls that either are subject to this Privacy Notice or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Notice.
    Protection of RoR and Others: We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law; enforce or apply our Conditions of Use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of RoR, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other artists and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction. Obviously, however, this does not include selling, renting, sharing, or otherwise disclosing personally identifiable information from customers for commercial purposes in violation of the commitments set forth in this Privacy Notice.
    With Your Consent: Other than as set out above, you will receive notice when information about you might go to third parties, and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information.

What Choices Do I Have?
As discussed above, you can always choose not to provide information, even though it might be needed to offer video playback. Therefore all that is need, is for you to opt-out by covering your face, for example with a mask.

Are Children Allowed to Use RoR?
RoR does not sell products for purchase by children. If you are under 18, you may use RoR only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.

Conditions of Use, Notices, and Revisions
If you choose to visit RoR, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Conditions of Use, including limitations on damages, resolution of disputes, and application of the law of the state of Washington. If you have any concern about privacy at RoR, please contact us with a thorough description, and we will try to resolve it. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account. We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers.

